<h2>FAQ</h2>

<h3>Why is there nothing on this website?</h3>

<p>
Selfmarks was designed from the start to be personal software.  It is intended
to help <em>individuals</em> store, manage and search their bookmarks from any place
and any device that can access the Internet.  Since the bookmarks are not shared,
there is nothing to show a guest visiting the site.
</p>

<p>
To see more, #{A( 'login or register', :href => Rs( :openid ) )}.
</p>

<h3>How is this better than social bookmarking?</h3>

<p>
Individuals (or small groups) can install Selfmarks on their own servers,
which generally translates into a faster user experience because:
<ol>
<li>The personal server is geographically closer to the individual.</li>
<li>The personal server is not overloaded with millions of other users whose accounts have nothing to do with the individual.</li>
<li>Selfmarks doesn't have to expend resources or clutter the interface with bookmark sharing features.</li>
</ol>
</p>

<h3>How do I register or create an account?</h3>

<p>
If you have an
<a href="http://openid.net/">OpenID</a>,
#{A( 'use it', :href => Rs( :openid ) )} to automatically create an account
(provided the site administrator has allowed automatic registrations).
</p>

<p>
If you don't want to use OpenID, then contact
the site administrator to ask him/her to manually create a user account for you.
</p>

<h3>How do I install Selfmarks for myself?</h3>

<pre>
git clone git://github.com/Pistos/selfmarks.git
cd selfmarks
less README.markdown
</pre>
